[Spark][Kernel][Protocol] Merge InCommitTimestamp RFC, and remove the -preview suffix from feature name and configs. (#3416)
delta-io/delta: PROTOCOL.md

    Field Name | Data Type | Description
    -|-|-
    _commit_version|`Long`| The table version containing the change. This can be derived from the name of the Delta log file that contains actions.

>     _commit_timestamp|`Timestamp`| The timestamp associated when the commit was created. Depending on whether [In-Commit Timestamps](#in-commit-timestamps) are enabled, this is derived from either the `inCommitTimestamp` field of the `commitInfo` action of the version's Delta log, or from the Delta log's file modification time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    _commit_timestamp|`Timestamp`| The timestamp associated when the commit was created. Depending on whether [In-Commit Timestamps](#in-commit-timestamps) are enabled, this is derived from either the `inCommitTimestamp` field of the `commitInfo` action of the version's commit file, or from the commit file's modification time.
```

Author: Should it be Delta log file instead? To keep it consistent with the existing line above:
"_commit_version|`Long`| The table version containing the change. This can be derived from the name of the Delta log file that contains actions."

Implementations are free to store any valid JSON-formatted data via the `commitInfo` action.

> When In-Commit Timestamps are enabled, writers are required to include a commitInfo action with every commit, which must include the `inCommitTimestamp` field.

Reviewer: Cross link `In-Commit Timestamps` to right section.

Reviewer: Do we also enforce commitInfo to be the first line in commit file as part of this feature?
